Create ui-c8y-1023-22-16-home-dashboard-should-translate-widget-titles-by-default-graft-release-cd.md (#4172)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-22-16-home-dashboard-should-translate-widget-titles-by-default-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Home dashboard should translate widget titles by default. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#10984)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Home dashboard widget titles are now translated by default
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65811
version: 1023.22.16
---

> Home dashboards in applications like Cockpit and Device Management previously required manual configuration to display widget titles in the user's language. Now, the 'Translate widget titles' setting is enabled by default for all newly created home dashboards, ensuring that widget titles automatically appear in the appropriate language based on the user's locale. This change applies only to new dashboards and does not affect existing dashboards or other dashboard types such as Cockpit asset dashboards, so your current configurations remain unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Home dashboards in applications like Cockpit and Device Management previously required manual configuration to display widget titles in the user´s language. Now, the `Translate widget titles` setting is enabled by default for all newly created home dashboards, ensuring that widget titles automatically appear in the appropriate language based on the user´s locale. This change applies only to new dashboards and does not affect existing dashboards or other dashboard types such as Cockpit asset dashboards, so your current configurations remain unchanged.
```
